After doing some exploratory testing, The following test scenarios are identified for bookings web page testing:

1. 'Firstname' field Should accept only valid characters
2. 'Firstname' field should not be empty
3. 'Firstname' field should have maximum length validation

4. 'Surname' field Should accept only valid characters
5. 'Surname' field should not be empty
6. 'Surname' field should have maximum length validation

7. 'Price' field should not be empty
8. Should accept only numerical values and decimal values
9. Should have minimum and maximum value validations

10. 'Deposit' field should be dropdown
11. 'Deposit' field should have only 'true' and 'false' values to select
12. 'Deposit' field default value should be 'true'

13. 'Check-in' field should not be empty
14. On clicking 'Check-in' field should open a date picker to select dates
15. 'Check-in' date picker should not allow user to select a date from past. 
16. User should be allowed enter date directly into 'Check-in' field in the	format 'YYYY-MM-DD' only

17. 'Check-out' field should not be empty
18. On clicking 'Check-out' field should open a date picker to select dates
19. 'Check-out' date picker should not allow user to select a date from past
20. User should be allowed enter date directly into 'Check-out' field in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD' only
21. 'Check-out' date should not be a past date to 'Check-in' date

22. Save button should be present in the form 
23. 'Save' button should be enabled only when user enters data into all the mandatory fields

24. There should be 'Delete' button beside each booking and it should be enabled


25. Create Booking:
	 After user enters proper data into all mandatory fields and clicks 'Save' button, then a new booking should get created and it should be displayed at 	the bottom 
	 After user enters improper data and clicks save button, user should be prompted to correct input data and booking should not be created
	 
26. Delete Booking:
			When user clicks 'Delete' button corresponding to a booking, then the booking should get deleted and it should disappear from the bookings board
		
27. View bookings:
		On opening home page, All active bookings present in the system should be diplayed
		Bookings should be displayed in the order with most recent booking at the top



	 
	
